Update README.md (#46)
NexusSocial/skilltree: README.md

The skills in this section are all focused on math heavy parts of 3D game engines. VR is not necessary.

- 🫵 📋 Rigid body collision physics

> - ✅ [VR Inverse Kinematics](skills/xr-ik-mirror) (note, its implemented but is pretty bad).

Author: ```suggestion
- 🚧 [VR Inverse Kinematics](skills/xr-ik-mirror) (implemented but is of awful quality. Improvements appreciated)
```
